OSDOCS-9959: NetObserv Health dashboard updates (#75319)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-ebpf-agent-alert.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * network_observability/network-observability-operator-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-netobserv-dashboard-ebpf-agent-alerts_{context}"]
= Using the eBPF agent alert

When the Network Observability eBPF agent hashmap table is full, the eBPF agent processes flows at a degraded performance. When this is the case, an alert shows `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped`. If you see this alert, consider increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` in the `FlowCollector`, as shown in the following example.

.Procedure

. In the web console, navigate to *Operators* → *Installed Operators*.

> . Under the *Provided APIs* heading for the *NetObserv Operator*, select *Flow Collector*.

Reviewer: do we use `NetObserv` Operator name in our downstream docs?

Author: Good point. I think this is a holdover from previous versions and needs to be updated now.

. Select *cluster* then select the *YAML* tab.

. Increase the `spec.agent.ebpf.cacheMaxFlows` value, as in the following YAML sample:
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2
kind: FlowCollector
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  namespace: netobserv
  deploymentModel: Direct
  agent:
    type: eBPF                                
    ebpf:
      cacheMaxFlows: 200000 <1>
----

> <1> Increase the `cacheMaxFlows` value upwards from its value at the time of the `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped` alert.

Reviewer: do we want to add a note that this may cause increase in ebpf-agent's memory usage?

Author: Good pt. Note added: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/75319/files#diff-905708099880d42a2b5717f69dc04036e708ebec1f9dee4cdb7d58db59614184R10

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * network_observability/network-observability-operator-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-netobserv-dashboard-ebpf-agent-alerts_{context}"]
= Using the eBPF agent alert

An alert, `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped`, is triggered when the Network Observability eBPF agent hashmap table is full or when the capacity limiter is triggered. If you see this alert, consider increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` in the `FlowCollector`, as shown in the following example.

[NOTE]
====
Increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` might increase the memory usage of the eBPF agent. 
====

.Procedure

> . In the web console, navigate to *Operators* -> *Installed Operators*.

Reviewer 2: The ISG says not to use **navigate**, rather use _go to_. Probably not worth holding up the PR, just for future reference.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * network_observability/network-observability-operator-monitoring.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-netobserv-dashboard-ebpf-agent-alerts_{context}"]
= Using the eBPF agent alert

> When the Network Observability eBPF agent hashmap table is full, the eBPF agent processes flows at a degraded performance. When this is the case, an alert shows `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped`. If you see this alert, consider increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` in the `FlowCollector`, as shown in the following example.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When the Network Observability eBPF agent hashmap table is full, the eBPF agent processes flows with degraded performance. When this is the case, an alert shows `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped`. If you see this alert, consider increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` in the `FlowCollector`, as shown in the following example.
```

> When the Network Observability eBPF agent hashmap table is full, either the eBPF agent processes flows with degraded performance, or the capacity limiter is triggered. When this is the case, an alert shows `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped`. If you see this alert, consider increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` in the `FlowCollector`, as shown in the following example.

Reviewer 4: The first sentence is not accurate. The alert is triggered either when the hashmap is full, or when the capacity limiter is triggered. (Here it says it's always the hashmap being full and from there differentiates 2 cases)

Author: Okay thanks for untangling these details I mixed together 😬 I reworked this entire paragraph a little so its overall less words and the first sentence is as you suggest.

[NOTE]
====

> Increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` may increase the memory usage of the eBPF agent. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Increasing the `cacheMaxFlows` might increase the memory usage of the eBPF agent. 
```

Reviewer 3: per IBM Style

====
.Prerequisite

> * You must have eBPG metrics enabled by setting the `spec.agent.type.ebpf.metrics.enable` value to `true`. For more information, see "Enabling eBPF metrics".

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* You must have eBPF metrics enabled by setting the `spec.agent.type.ebpf.metrics.enable` value to `true`. For more information, see "Enabling eBPF metrics".
```

Author: Apologies for the typo, the enablement was a rushed addition, and now I think I actually need to remove this prerequisite since https://github.com/netobserv/network-observability-operator/pull/649 - makes it enabled by default.

Author: I removed the section it references already "Enabling eBPF metrics"

.Procedure

> . In the web console, navigate to *Operators* → *Installed Operators*.

Reviewer 3: I've been told not to use the → symbol, and instead use `->` because it can cause issues. I know `->` does get translated into the symbol, but...this is just what I was told.

Author: Hmm very interesting this was here actually because I usually use ->. I may have copied this step from HTML and forgot to change the icon. good catch!

. Under the *Provided APIs* heading for the *Network Observability Operator*, select *Flow Collector*.

> . Select *cluster* then select the *YAML* tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Select *cluster*, and then select the *YAML* tab.
```

> . Increase the `spec.agent.ebpf.cacheMaxFlows` value, as in the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Increase the `spec.agent.ebpf.cacheMaxFlows` value, as shown in the following YAML sample:
```

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: flows.netobserv.io/v1beta2
kind: FlowCollector
metadata:
  name: cluster
spec:
  namespace: netobserv
  deploymentModel: Direct
  agent:
    type: eBPF                                
    ebpf:
      cacheMaxFlows: 200000 <1>
----

> <1> Increase the `cacheMaxFlows` value upwards from its value at the time of the `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped` alert.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Increase the `cacheMaxFlows` value from its value at the time of the `NetObservAgentFlowsDropped` alert.
```
I think "increase" implies upward so not needed

Author: Yep increase and upward are redundant 🙃
